WCAG improvements (#18026)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-2.1.md

1. The `sylius_admin.dashboard.index.content.latest_statistics.new_customers` hook has been deprecated and disabled. 
   It has been replaced by the `sylius_admin.dashboard.index.content.latest_statistics.pending_actions`.

> 
> ### Twig hooks
> - `'sylius_admin.order.show.content.header.title_block.actions'`- `history`, `cancel`, `resend_confirmation_email` hookables have been deprecated and disabled. Now these templates are located in `'sylius_admin.order.show.content.header.title_block.actions.list'`hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. The `history`, `cancel` and `resend_confirmation_email` hookables from `'sylius_admin.order.show.content.header.title_block.actions'` hook have been deprecated and disabled. Now these templates are located in `'sylius_admin.order.show.content.header.title_block.actions.list'` hook.
```
